docs: improve README examples for `stats/base/dists/rayleigh` namespace (#1754)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/rayleigh/README.md

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var rayleigh = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/dists/rayleigh' );

/*

>  * The Rayleigh distribution is often used to model wind speeds.
>  * Let's consider a scenario where we want to estimate various properties related to wind speeds.
>  */

Reviewer: No leading spaces in multi-line comments:

```suggestion
* The Rayleigh distribution can be used to model wind speeds.
* Let's consider a scenario where we want to estimate various properties related to wind speeds.
*/
```

// Set the Rayleigh distribution parameter (scale parameter):
var s = 10.0;

// Calculate mean, variance, and standard deviation of the Rayleigh distribution:
console.log( rayleigh.mean( s ) );
// => ~12.533

console.log( rayleigh.variance( s ) );
// => ~42.920

console.log( rayleigh.stdev( s ) );
// => ~6.551

// Evaluate the Probability Density Function (PDF) for a specific wind speed:
var w = 15.0;
console.log( rayleigh.pdf( w, s ) );

> // => 0.04869787010375246

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => ~0.049
```

// Determine Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF) for wind speeds up to a certain value:
var t = 15.0;
console.log( rayleigh.cdf( t, s ) );
// => ~0.675

// Calculate the probability of wind speeds exceeding the threshold:
var p = 1.0 - rayleigh.cdf( t, s );
console.log( 'Probability of wind speeds exceeding ' + t + ' m/s:', p );

// Find the wind speed at which there's a 70% chance it won't exceed using the Quantile function:
var c = 0.7;
console.log( rayleigh.quantile( c, s ) );

> // => 15.517556536555205

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => ~15.518
```
